docs: add some more testimonials (#6139)
jj-vcs/jj: docs/testimonials.md

&mdash; gul banana, computer programmer

> > haha, I have corrupted my cofounder and now 100% of brontosource dev is on JJ.
> > (yes, 100% is two of us)
> 
> &mdash; kfm, (what to write here)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> I have corrupted my cofounder and now 100% of brontosource dev is on JJ.

&mdash; Matt Kulukundis, cofounder BrontoSource
```

Author: @algmyr suggested to keep the "muwhahaha" laughter  in Discord and not all of these need to be completely serious.

> jj is genuinely the first tool since Rust that has me excited.

> &mdash; David Barsky, Rust-Analyzer and Tracing developer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
&mdash; David Barsky, rust-analyzer and `tokio-rs/tracing` developer
```

> Today I did some complex surgery on a legacy repo that has been committed to
> for years by a number of individuals with varying hygienic habits. [..]
>
> Now, this still took me about two hours using jj. But at no point did I
> seriously consider physical violence to humans or inanimate objects.
> Everything progressed calmly and methodically. I was able to introspect
> changes before I made them, and when I did screw up… `jj undo` to the
> rescue.

&mdash; An unknown scientist, who couldn't have done it with Git.

> jj was my first exposure to revsets and at first I was
> "why would I ever need that", but now after exercising that math part of my
> brain that's been stale since high school, they're indispensable

> &mdash; Marjian Smetko, who previously only knew Git.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
&mdash; Marijan Smetko, who previously only knew Git.
```

Author: done
